TCD-2762: RDC Data (#1934)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/insights/scope.md

| Test History     | Shows a visual snapshot of the results for a specific test over time. See the [Test History](/insights/history) page for specific views and capabilities descriptions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | Trends           | Shows graphical visualizations of all tests. Applying filters to this view makes it easy to compare test outcomes for different variables, such as device browser version. See the [Trends](/insights/trends) page for detailed documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Author: ```suggestion
| Trends           | Shows graphical visualizations of all tests. Applying filters to this view makes comparing test outcomes for different variables, such as the device browser version, manageable. See the [Trends](/insights/trends) page for detailed documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

The following table describes each of the filters available for customizing your test insights data.

| Filter            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Owner             | Show data for tests owned by one or more individuals, teams, or your whole organization. You will see different options here depending on your access and role within your organization or team.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Author: ```suggestion
| Owner             | Show data for tests owned by one or more individuals, teams, or your whole organization. Depending on your access and role in your organization or team, you will see different options here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| Device Type (RDC) | Many of the Insights pages can toggle between data for tests run on virtual platforms and those run on real devices.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Tag               | Show data for tests or builds that are categorized using the specified tag(s).The **Tag** filter is not available for all sections of the Insights interface.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | Time Period       | Show data for tests that executed within the specified time period. In the selection modal, choose the **Relative** tab to set a duration up through the current day and time. Choose the **Absolute** tab to set a specific window within start and end dates.<br/><br/>Times and dates are in the local time of the logged in user. If you are not seeing data you expect in that duration, consider whether the test was executed in a different time zone. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Time Period       | Show data for tests that executed within the specified time period. In the selection modal, choose the **Relative** tab to set a duration up through the current day and time. Choose the **Absolute** tab to set a specific window between start and end dates.<br/><br/>Times and dates are in the local time of the logged-in user. If you do not see the data you expect in that duration, consider whether the test was executed in a different time zone. |
```

> | Time Period       | Show data for tests that executed within the specified time period. In the selection modal, choose the **Relative** tab to set a duration up through the current day and time. Choose the **Absolute** tab to set a specific window between start and end dates.<br/><br/>Times and dates are in the local time of the logged-in user. If you do not see the data you expect in that duration, consider whether the test was executed in a different time zone. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Time Period       | Show data for tests that were executed in the specified time period. In the selection modal, choose the **Relative** tab to set a duration up through the current day and time. Choose the **Absolute** tab to set a specific window between start and end dates.<br/><br/>Times and dates are in the local time of the logged-in user. If you do not see the data you expect in that duration, consider whether the test was executed in a different time zone. |
```
